From the embedded page, link to the tools page to set up editors (#740)
swiftlang/swift-org-website: getting-started/embedded-swift/index.md

- The [Embedded Swift Vision Document](https://github.com/swiftlang/swift-evolution/blob/main/visions/embedded-swift.md) will give you an overview of the approaches and goals of Embedded Swift, and also what exactly is in the Embedded Swift language subset.
- The [collection of Embedded Swift example projects](https://github.com/apple/swift-embedded-examples) on GitHub shows on which embedded devices can Swift work today, and the examples can also be used as templates for your own projects.
- The [Embedded Swift User Manual](https://github.com/apple/swift/blob/main/docs/EmbeddedSwift/UserManual.md) describes how to use the Embedded Swift compilation mode and how to interact with the compiler.

> - To set up Swift integration in your editor, read one of our [setup guides](https://www.swift.org/tools/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Tools page](https://www.swift.org/tools/) has guides for setting up Swift integration in your editor to enable features like indexing, autocomplete, jump-to-definition, and others.
```

All the other bullet points in the list start with the name of the resource being recommended. This suggestion matches the style of the other bullet points and preserves a shortened version of the benefit to the reader of following the link.

Reviewer 2: Maybe also include the `#editors` anchor?

Author: Good suggestion. Thanks!
